Yan Zhen, look at what kind of woman you are looking for
bold
Cause so much trouble
And you have no shame.
Master Shen, this woman destroyed my things
I can't afford to take it away
I'm breaking something down here
If it is broken, I will be responsible for compensation.
Shen Yanzhen, you don't know
How much loss will this bring to the Shen family?
Shen Yanzhen is indeed a reliable man
Ok you pay
What do you pay?
He didn't just drop my stuff
And I'll give you back your face.
I said I'll go by myself
I'm courting death
What are you still doing outside?
Take it away for both of us
Come to give gifts at the order of the head of the Gu family
Isn't this Xu Zhan, an assistant in the hometown of the richest man?
Shen Yu's family are all skin Han techniques in front of him
10 top luxury sports cars
Top luxury sports car
10 more
Yunquan Villa on the top of Yunshan Mountain
What? Since it is Yunquan Villa on the top of Cloud Mountain
This is 10 times higher than the gift given by Mr. Xu.
A story of God's will